right there so go leave me I gotta tell
you I just get so puffed up and he was
going on the cross I mean me I was
trying to move the camera that's one
thing and it was all the way to my far
right almost like a camera rage if I
couldn't get the camera around and I
moved it and then I had to shoot what
did it go and a half wheel but just
before he got to ten more steps and he's
gone and he's gone so my I'm pooped
all right now I know just don't be go
black boar hog right here and mu D in
Frogmore Louisiana
and things just tear up everybody look
laying new mill that levee
hey guys look at that let that big oh-ho
huh look at this big old rascal here
yeah oh hey I got in here got set up in
a huh man I take I watched three days
all Union feeding all the way down to
the stand all sudden they look up they
run off across the levee towards the
river and out steps this big old black
Hogan and guys let me tell you I wasn't
gonna let him walk because these things
do millions of dollars wouldn't damage a
year to falling crops on levee system
rude up and down the levee tearing it up
and guys we we keep we can't control
them there's no way all we can try to do
is maintain them some man I'm just
pumped up man
this here is a trophy Hall SPO saw them
boys outdoors
y'all stay tuned